by the beautiful river bridge gives to have a
idea of ​​the volume of water and the
left on the road also god help
Who better not to improve?
to be difficult for us
according to the driver he has never seen so much
Water how it's fallen now is difficult.
another day out and not go out because they do not
you can leave
on graph with 2 detected without anyone
leave here we notice the trail of the
Soybean production that is dumped
of trucks but this is normal happens
even on asphalt
the point is that on the other side we see
the production of soy and we will come back here
who does what is more or less here
a pod never to advance dinho look
here the grains are practically
point of harvest is not
could even accelerate dececa this area
to speed up the race in a few days
but no one is going to do it
waiting as long as possible to see if
give a peek, it's soybeans everywhere
as well as water also talking about it
Look what a strange tractor around here.
now that soy is just getting started
are six tires and lots of force
lately used not for another
thing but to unmask machines
harvesters now I will not say
the edge to the old one is more in
rural union to the recognition of
difficulties in disposing of production
remembering that in the rainy season
coincides with the piracema of wood or
period of prohibition as it is
for fishing
but the soy is exactly the opposite
when it rains in the state, the
harvest is just beginning
today the municipality walks around 50
thousand hectares of cultivated area with rice
or with soybeans
only that the existing roads in the
municipality of not only marcelândia but also
north and middle of the state
they are not suitable
to withstand heavy traffic on
volume of trucks by volume of weight
precisely in the rainy season of the year
so we have points that are not
designed to withstand and if this flow
of bi-trains that flow of 9
and with this with this rapid increase with
this increase in production
of the municipality and this rain that binds
normal by our withdrawals in the
last 15 years we do not have a month of
February so rainy